set serveroutput on;
drop table users;
create table users (
userID number not null,
firstName varchar2(20),
lastName varchar2(20),
adresa varchar2(20),
privilegies varchar2(20),
phoneNumber number,
primary KEY(userID)
)
drop table categories;
create table categories(
catName varchar2(20),
catId number not null,
primary KEY(catId)
)
drop table products;
create table products(
prodID number not null,
prodName varchar(30),
prodDesc varchar(250),
prodPrice float,
primary key(prodID),
catId number not null,
constraint catId foreign KEY (catId) references categories(catId)
)
drop sequence userID_seq;

Create sequence userID_seq
minvalue 1
start with 1
increment by 1
cache 20;


